README.md, before:

<img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nullstack/nullstack/master/nullstack.png' height='60' alt='Nullstack'>

Full-stack javascript components for one-dev armies.

## What is Nullstack?

Nullstack is a full-stack framework for building progressive web applications.

It connects a stateful UI layer to specialized microservices in the same component using vanilla javascript.

Focus on solving your business logic instead of writing glue code.

Learn more about [Nullstack](https://nullstack.app)

## Getting Started

replace project-name with your project name and run the command bellow to start a project: 

```sh
npx create-nullstack-app project-name
```

Read the [Nullstack Documentation](https://nullstack.app/documentation)

## Watch the tutorials on our Youtube Channel

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/l23z00GEar8/maxresdefault.jpg" height="100">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l23z00GEar8&list=PL5ylYELQy1hyFbguVaShp3XujjdVXLpId)
[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/ieLVXZGXUkI/maxresdefault.jpg" height="100">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieLVXZGXUkI&list=PL5ylYELQy1hz1tcnZcP44xRxETpH9bTUe)

## Credits

Get to know the [Nullstack Contributors](https://nullstack.app/contributors)

## License

Nullstack is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Adding warn about npx bug in README

README.md, after:

<img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nullstack/nullstack/master/nullstack.png' height='60' alt='Nullstack'>

Full-stack javascript components for one-dev armies.

## What is Nullstack?

Nullstack is a full-stack framework for building progressive web applications.

It connects a stateful UI layer to specialized microservices in the same component using vanilla javascript.

Focus on solving your business logic instead of writing glue code.

Learn more about [Nullstack](https://nullstack.app)

## Getting Started

Replace `project-name` with your project name and run the command below to start a project:

```sh
npx create-nullstack-app project-name
```

If you ran into problems, read about [the known `npx` bug](https://nullstack.app/getting-started#the-known-npx-bug).

Read the [Nullstack Documentation](https://nullstack.app/documentation).

## Watch the tutorials on our Youtube Channel

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/l23z00GEar8/maxresdefault.jpg" height="100">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l23z00GEar8&list=PL5ylYELQy1hyFbguVaShp3XujjdVXLpId)
[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/ieLVXZGXUkI/maxresdefault.jpg" height="100">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieLVXZGXUkI&list=PL5ylYELQy1hz1tcnZcP44xRxETpH9bTUe)

## Credits

Get to know the [Nullstack Contributors](https://nullstack.app/contributors)

## License

Nullstack is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
